Remove viz docs and datasets from framework docs (#3283)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/data/advanced_data_catalog_usage.md

To use the `DataCatalog` API, construct a `DataCatalog` object programmatically in a file like `catalog.py`.

> In the following code, we use several pre-built data loaders documented in the {class}`API reference documentation <kedro-datasets:kedro_datasets>`.

Author: ```suggestion
In the following code, we use several pre-built data loaders documented in the {doc}`kedro-datasets documentation<kedro-datasets:kedro_datasets>`.
```
